This project uses React Native for the front-end and Firebase for the backend. I used Expo to run the test version of this app because I didn't want to pay to actually publish this app on the Apple Store.

The reason that I opted to use React Native was because I felt that a mobile application would be more suited for a boba app like this one, since it's most likely an app that people will use on-the-go as opposed to sitting down at a computer. React Native, in terms of concepts, is basically the same as the web-based React, a language that I'm familiar with and why I believed that I could learn React Native relatively quickly enough for this project. The module-based format of React was very appealing for me to create an application, because it was very easily scalable and easy to break the project down into bite-sized components that I could implement.

I chose Firebase for my backend because I had some experience using Firebase for application development, and also because of its many existing libraries that could make it a little easier to implement authentication and storage functions. A difficulty I ran into was that Firebase went through a relatively large update, which meant that a lot of the documentation was slightly off in terms of syntax and I had to relearn some of the specifics of the updated Firebase. This was mildly infuriating when I was setting up the register and login page, because I was following some manuals and resources that I found online, but the majority of them were not based on the latest documentation, so I ended up having to plan it out myself.

I organized the navigation using react-native's Bottom Tab Navigator, which allowed me to set up a navigation bar on the bottom. However, I also wanted to use react-native's Stack Navigation in order to navigate through different screens even while on the same tab in the navgiation bar, so I nested the stack navigator's inside of the overarching bottom tab navigator. This can all be seen in App.js, which is a little bit more convoluted than I would like for a root file, but because it contains all of the navigation information I was okay with keeping the App.js file a little bit lengthier.

In order to get the data about different boba shops, I used the Yelp Fusion API and the fetch function in order to grab the data. The specific endpoints I used were "Search" and "Business Details," which I rendered in Search.js and Shop.js respectively. One decision I made was to fetch the data in the parent component before passing it onto the child component to be rendered (for example, get data in Initial.js and passing that as props to Search.js), because I kept running into issues where the render function would return errors because it would try to render an Object that was null because the data fetching hadn't returned the data yet, or was in a different part of the life-cycle that messed up the rendering somehow. It just made it a lot cleaner for me to pass the data as a prop, because that way I had a fully obtained data object from the API that I just had to render in the child component.

One final fun touch that I added was for the ratings of each shop. I asked a friend to draw two boba cups for me, one filled and one empty, and then I created a separate component that would take the rating of a shop as a prop and return a component that was populated with a number of filled boba cups based on how many stars a shop had. I just felt like it added to the fun vibe of the app.